The day they met, she invited him
to your house
what always
i
It gives me the dust keeps affecting me
well before he was here
but I do not know where he was
now
good
the points of good to do it just good
as you will know today is my birthday so it is
so pro created my video to console
freedom and also good I do not know what else
say look there is the choro that lost
the cup putting the whole to the second
put but you still lost by black
now my own speech 16 years
breathing air 16 years of fucking
16 years taking your sister 16 years
making him bull you kill 3 and more than everything
and you
d
or since I have your attention
I want to give you some warnings as a loop
stop making a link with youtube vos a
I find it harder to put the
comment websites although that's not the
notice more cascas the notice is that I'll have
more programs for webber in the computer and
that I am now in the new with my pc
of the ferrol and it was just that, wait, I have
an account backup from before
the companions were born and I just
agreement to advertise it for
also web forgive if this video is
Just fucking is that I did it yesterday in the
night that by the way they did not let me
advance nothing but say